# Passage - Steering Committee - Meeting #2

## Agenda
- Housekeeping
- Review community discussion / concerns
- Projects & Priorities
  - Indexer
  - Front end design / Marketplace bugs
  - NFT staking
- Open Discussion / Questions / Comments

## Meeting Details
- Date: Wednesday, March 20, 2024
- Time: 12:00 PM ET (Eastern Time)
- Location: Passsage Discord #Council-Stage
- [Recording](https://youtu.be/gPgacm4hd0U)

## Committee & SIG Attendees
- Lex Avellino, Passage
- Arel Avellino, Passage
- Bryana Kortendick, Passage
- Tyler Wright, Overclock Labs
- Anil Kumar, Vitwit
- Neville Nguyen, HyperChain Capital
- Alex, NacionCrypto
- Max Beauchamp, Cloudmos
- Greg Weld, Crypto Lab Tech

##  Notes
### Housekeeping
- Steering Committee meetings to take place on the 2nd to last Wednesday of each month at 12:00pm Eastern Time (16:00 UTC)
- Participants can subscribe to the [Passage Open Source Google Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/2?cid=Y19iOTYxYTcwMDkzZTQ5ZTYyNDlhYjkxMGRkODUzZjc0NTBkYmRjY2E3YmY1ODdiNmYzNThlMGQ2Njc0Y2RkYzRkQGdyb3VwLmNhbGVuZGFyLmdvb2dsZS5jb20)
- Regularly standing SIG meetings have not yet been scheduled and will be determined in each group

### Review Community Discussion
- Community tickets mainly revolve around issues related to current indexing solution (e.g., NFTs not showing)
- Pain points are primarily going to be resolved by pushing forward the Indexer, which is the first project priority up for discussion
- No other concerns were voiced

### Projects & Priorities
#### Indexer
- [Requirements](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1j0aIZ4tZ9feZerXdXK-aJYNIEJoektH_MMvw7kpCj5M/edit?usp=sharing)
   - Does not include API that connects with marketplace frontend
   - Requirements list is pretty basic/simple at the outset
   - Goal is to cover the first section of existing functionality and then build out for future use cases (Covering mints, including USD value of PASG, continual indexing of historical data for price, dashboard for stats, NFT listings/delisting/sales)
- [Indexer Bounty Proposal from Cloudmos](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1bmmGxj56fGyAmXzN4-lY7gof7XBRlLlsGU_7oBJe-CE/edit?usp=sharing)
  - Addresses all of the requirements along with implementing  an API that will provide this information that anyone can connect to for feeding into the frontend
  - Will be open top other people who want to access this information, for example strangeclanfans
  - Max believes API is essential to the indexer - it’s great to have an indexer itself, but to be able to communicate with that database and expose it to the community members or the marketplace we need an API
  - Spec document listed features like NFT sales, listings, delistings, transfers, but the proposal includes more than that because it was based on the [Passage contracts diagram](https://github.com/envadiv/passage-contracts?tab=readme-ov-file)
  - A lot of these functionalities are not implemented yet or implemented on the contract side but not in the UI, for example auctions or NFT vaults, but these are planned to be implemented because at some point they will be implemented in the UI
  - Cloudmos did an analysis of how to implement all of these
    - Their current indexer solution supports generic Cosmos SDK blockchains and regular transaction types, but it doesn’t support CosmWasm contracts
    - There's a few tricky things that happen with CosmWasm contracts that happens like in block events or transaction events but the ground work done in the current indexer makes this possible
    - There isn’t a blocker they haven’t thought about so it should be done fairly smoothly
  - If there are suggestions or counters to the proposal, Cloudmos is open to discussion (for example, proposed payout terms)
    - Proposed payout: 50% upfront and 50% on completion, 70kUSD of PASG established at the time of the first payment
  - Future-thinking deploy and maintain section - Cloudmos would be able to support for a year, which would be a major assistance to the community
     - The database will be hosted somewhere initially, probably on Cloudmos’ account that they can share with Passage
     - Cloudmos has been running their version of the indexer for Akash for more than two years so it runs pretty smoothly but sometimes if there are additional requests like an extra API end point, that could be in that the maintenance package
   - Tyler says Cloudmos has been a contributor to the Akash ecosystem for years, they follow through and would do the work and be accountable. I would support the team that will go above and beyond. Time is of the essence and Cloudmos is able to deliver something in a timely fashion, that actually works
   - Greg asks: How long until the indexer is fixed (users being able to properly see their NFTs)? All the other stuff is awesome, but the inability to see NFTs properly is currently the biggest issue by a lot (according to tickets).
       - Current proposal is a 2-3 month timeline. Is there an early implementation of this?
       - This may dictate what we potentially do to remedy in the meantime. How can we patch/remedy the current indexer in the meantime while the new implementation is being built out?
       - Could we have a provision earlier in the timeline that solves this problem?
       - Need a timeline to be able to give the users because we have a bunch of tickets on it
       - Lex can review with Mike to figure out if there is a reasonable solution to help people in the meantime while the ideal solution is being being developed
       - Max confirms it’s feasible to work in iterations. Can work on a first version that meets the needs of the current marketplace state, then once that is stable they can continue working on the later features
       - This will be iterative and Max can communicate on closer timelines as they get into it
    - Next Steps
      - Implement just a formal proposal. Tyler recommended using a Github project board for bounties
      - We want to get a steering committee vote on it, as it’s the highest priority right now 100%
      - Bryana confirmed that this does not need to be an on-chain vote to go forward with the indexer work, but the team is open to discussion if there are solutions that would make sense
        - Tyler says Akash uses the steering committee to weigh in. Not necessary to have a massive vote. People can ask questions, and members of the SC would weigh in on opinions. If something goes on-chain for a vote, the SC votes / opinions will be shared and validators would need to vote. But for off-chain votes like this, whoever is controlling the bounty, as long as the group agrees, the deciding body can move forward
      - Anil and Max confirmed these improvements will not require any chain upgrades

#### Front end design / Marketplace bugs
- Nicholas from Passage has been working on this and can share some updates in Discord. It's all happening in the public repo on Github
- He has been picking away at some front-end bugs like the menu for NFT collections being hidden by default, things where it was just not a good user experience, some of the things in the Passage Marketplace roadmap that we had discussed previously 

#### NFT staking
- Lex will start a document to define requirements of NFT staking and share that in the SIG channel 
- What we have right now is the NFT vault with the parameters that contains the next concrete step that would be really useful for the Strange Clan community particularly, but we want to make this useful for future NFT communities as well
- Do we want to prioritize building a front end for that? We do have development tools for instance for building out/launching a collection but they're not not exposed on the front end, it would all be command line stuff 
- Same thing with NFT staking: do we want to prioritize building out a front end? Need to figure out how people can interact with the NFT vault with their collections and what would be parameters that apply both to the egg staking that the Strange Clan community needs as well as future NFT staking solutions 
- Figure out what's going to be the most valuable for the community that extends to the egg staking solution for Strange Clan but also goes beyond that as a general tool for NFT staking
- Need to form a SIG for NFT staking  - so far, Lex has only spoken with Wolfman from the ONFT crew, who's not involved in the open source community yet. Their team has some type of NFT staking solution 
There are some solutions already in Cosmos so theoretically there are people in the space who have some relevant experience but this is something anybody can get involved in on the smart contract level 


#### Other Project Priorities
- A big priority that we don't really have accounted for right now, which wasn't on the roadmap because it is still kind of an open item for discussion is being able to onboard new collections to the marketplace easily 

### Open Discussion / Questions / Comments

### Action Items
- Coordinate members for NFT Staking SIG
- Lex present NFT Staking requirements doc
- Max share updated timeline for initial Indexer feature set
- Bryana set up projects Bounty Board 
