# Passage - Steering Committee - Meeting #3

## Agenda
- Projects & Priorities
  - Indexer
  - NFT Staking
  - Archive Node
  - Marketplace Front-End
- Open Discussion / Questions

## Meeting Details
- Date: Wednesday, April 17, 2024
- Time: 12:00 PM ET (Eastern Time)
- Location: [Passage Discord](https://discord.gg/passage) #Council-Stage
- [Recording ](https://youtu.be/H8F4xgQzuJ8)

## Committee & SIG Attendees
- Lex Avellino, Passage
- Bryana Kortendick, Passage
- Arel Avellino, Passage
- Ryan Dolinsky, Passage
- Nicholas Ma, Passage
- Tyler Wright, Overclock Labs (Akash)
- Max Beauchamp, Cloudmos
- Greg Weld, Crypto Lab Tech
- Joe Venner, Apello

##  Notes
### Projects & Priorities
#### Indexer
- Bounty update from Cloudmos
  - Moving at a good pace
  - Starting an indexer for contracts
  - Waiting on archival node
  - Requirements for immediate fixes
    - API to get NFTs
    - Need this to display on the frontend
    - What information do we need for the immediate fix?
    - Sales
    - Mints
    - Listings/Delistings
    - Transfers 
  - Goal: as quickly as we can replace the existing indexer

#### NFT Staking
- [Requirements](https://github.com/Passage-Chain/community/blob/main/sig-nft-staking/nft-staking-req.md)
- [Existing vault ](https://github.com/envadiv/passage-contracts/tree/main/contracts/nft/nft-vault)
- Bounty will be sponsored by Strange Clan via marketplace fees
- Looking for individuals to step up and participate this
  - Reaching out to Tasio who previously worked on smart contracts
  - OhhNFT team has NFT staking, but we’ve had a hard time connecting with them

#### Archive Node
- Blocker for completing the indexer
  - Cloudmous can still work on the indexer in the meantime, but it’s important for historical data
- Potential solutions
  -  [Allnodes](https://www.allnodes.com/) - full node service doesn’t appear to include the archive, need to reach out to them to review options
  -  VitWit interested in hosting, they need to put together a bounty proposal
  -  Other community members can submit proposals for hosting

#### Marketplace Front-End
- Cleanup of the original repository
- Making it more friendly for open-source contributions
- Still relying on existing indexer - new indexer will be important
- Getting to a state where it’s almost ready for anyone to jump in
- Various tweaks (collecting, sorting, etc.)
- Migrating so the deployment will come from the new repository
- Will drop an update next week with what’s new, what’s changed

### Action Items
- Bryana add proposed Marketplace roadmap to Github projects
- Archive node bounty proposal from Vitwit and Allnodes
- Organize NFT Staking SIG
- Lex confirm immediate needs for Indexer fixes
