# Passage - Steering Committee - Meeting #4

## Agenda
- Projects & Priorities
  - Archive Node
  - Indexer
  - NFT Staking
  - Other Projects / Priorities 
- Open Discussion / Questions

## Meeting Details
- Date: Wednesday, May 22, 2024
- Time: 12:00 PM ET (Eastern Time)
- Location: [Passage Discord](https://discord.gg/passage) #Council-Stage
- Recording: [https://youtu.be/49V7qIUAT6k](https://youtu.be/49V7qIUAT6k)

## Committee & SIG Attendees
- Lex Avellino, Passage
- Bryana Kortendick, Passage
- Ryan Dolinsky, Passage
- Tyler Wright, Overclock Labs
- Greg Weld, Crypto Lab Tech
- Tasio Victoria 

##  Notes
### Projects & Priorities
#### Archive Node
- [Bounty](https://github.com/orgs/Passage-Chain/projects/1/views/1?pane=issue&itemId=60711767) assigned to NodeFleet 
- NodeFleet has deployed the nodes and provided first snapshot
- First month's payment has been sent

#### Indexer
- Database architecture is mostly done
- CLoudmos needs old block data to index each of the contract transactions
  - This will be done in the coming week (balancing with travels for Akash Accelerate on May 28)

#### NFT Staking
- [Requirements](https://github.com/Passage-Chain/community/blob/main/sig-nft-staking/nft-staking-req.md)

#### Other Projects/Priorities
- Marketplace Front-End for Creating New Collections
- Payments in Other Currencies for Creating New Collections

### Open Discussion / Questions / Feedback
- At some point do we need to talk about the initiative to get the T1 NFTs onchain that were not claimed back on Juno chain?  We have some tickets open from a few purchasers.
  - This will follow from the Indexer completion
- Greg would like a link to Kado on the marketplace and get PASG purchasable right through Kado
  - Would want to ensure getting the best possible UX


### Action Items
- 
