# Passage - Steering Committee - Meeting #5

## Agenda
- Projects & Priorities
  - Indexer
  - NFT Staking Contracts
  - NFT Staking Frontend
  - Marketplace UI Redesign / Mobile Support
  - Marketplace Sales Data
- Review Bounty Proposals
- Open Discussion / Questions

## Meeting Details
- Date: Wednesday, July 31, 2024
- Time: 12:00 PM ET (Eastern Time)
- Location: [Passage Discord](https://discord.gg/passage) #Council-Stage
- Recording: [Link](https://youtu.be/5RWyHYz94to?si=4sGkcas8Xq5BZ2mk)

## Committee & SIG Attendees
- Lex Avellino, Passage
- Bryana Kortendick, Passage
- Arel Avellino, Passage
- Mike Cianni, Passage
- Greg Weld, Crypto Lab Tech
- Lowell Abbott, Nodefleet
- Max Beauchamp, Cloudmos

##  Notes
### Projects & Priorities
- Indexer update
  - Everything is finished from the indexing side
  - We have the swagger documentation up from the Cloudmos team
  - Starting on frontend implementation, reviewing the endpoints that we need
- Marketplace UI/UX / Mobile Compatibility
- NFT Staking Contracts
  - Peer review 
- NFT Staking Frontend
- Marketplace Sales Data

### Review Bounty Proposals
- KodeSage: [Github comment](https://github.com/Passage-Chain/community/issues/5#issuecomment-2245294366) | [Google Doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QFn1AMbAnR2pmbxpybn8Q6xfFuzUV0WPG3BM9mHXdKI/edit#heading=h.q9tsxm1phgc2)
  - Audit would be outsourced
- Tasio (Uju Labs): [Github comment](https://github.com/Passage-Chain/community/issues/3#issuecomment-2243223088) 
  - Need to get clarity on what's included in "admin interface" - need frontend/whitelist
- NodeFleet: [Google Doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DD3_zNOYBmH4Jyqs4FacSjJOTKwA9XLuyDxK4I8yEVU/edit#heading=h.2rokv3badd0b)
- Faizalhidayat: [Github comment](https://github.com/Passage-Chain/community/issues/3#issuecomment-2243329875)

