# Passage - Steering Committee - Meeting #11

## Agenda
- Projects & Priorities
  - Indexer
  - NFT Staking
    - Front End
  - Marketplace Front End
  - Proposals
    - NFT Collection Creation Front End
    - IBC ATOM Marketplace Integration
- Open Discussion / Questions
  - Passage Explorer
  - Endpoint Monitoring Bot

## Meeting Details
- Date: Wednesday, January 22, 2025
- Time: 12:00 PM ET (Eastern Time)
- Location: [Discord #Council-Stage](https://discord.gg/passage)
- Recording: [https://youtu.be/8XKmKdGpJzo](https://youtu.be/8XKmKdGpJzo)

## Committee & SIG Attendees
- Bryana Kortendick, Passage
- Ryan Dolinsky, Passage
- Primus, ZenChainLabs
- Greg Weld, CryptoLabTech
- Max Beauchamp, Cloudmos
- James Harrison
- Tyler Wright, Akash

##  Notes
### Projects & Priorities
- Indexer
  - Almost done, expected to release it this week or next week at the latest. If we meet this timeline, Passage Q1 roadmap goals should be on track
  - Having this complete will free up the NodeFleet team to make progress on the frontend, which in turn will remove blockers for NFT staking and eventually IBC ATOM payments and NFT collection interface
  - Main changes were to support the new functionalities of the updated Marketplace being worked on by NodeFleet
  - In the first version, traits were not being indexed, so those were added along with a few requested end points
  - Improvements for performance and scalability
  - Details can be viewed in the [indexer repo](https://github.com/Passage-Chain/indexer)
- NFT Staking Front End
  - Finishing up the UI and the admin dashboard based on the new contracts Tasio provided
  - Indexer is the major blocker for integration 
- Marketplace Front End
  - NodeFleet continues work on the front end 
- Proposals
  - NFT Collection Creation Front End
    - Proposal from Jamesâ€™ team who is working in NFT staking frontend
  - IBC ATOM Marketplace Integration
  - NFT Collection Creation Front End
    - Proposals from someone who has worked on the Talis marketplace as well as one other team
  - Passage team has spoken with the teams who submitted proposals for both bounties and are going through the process of answering questions back and forth to make sure everyone is aligned on requirements, scope, and objectives
  - Will be getting revised proposals submitted which will include final proposed timelines and budgets for approval

### Open Discussion / Questions / Feedback
- Endpoint Monitoring Service (Cosmonaut Stakes)
  - Requesting delegation from the foundation rather than a bounty
- Passage Explorer
  - Mintscan [discontinuing support](https://x.com/passageio/status/1877020668031570421) for Passage Chain as of January 31 after change in Cosmostation leadership team and business model
  - Working with Primus from ZenChainLabs to customize their existing explorer [passage.zenscan.io](https://passage.zenscan.io/)
  - Seeking feedback on which features the community would find useful for validators, PASG holders, etc.
  - Primus has been a longtime community participant and has been running ZenScan for awhile, made some quick visual changes to update the branding
  - Passage team is working on a list of required changes and features but want to ensure the community has input
  - Initial scope of project is direct collaboration with the Passage team, but future open-source bounties could be issued for bigger features requested by community
- Passage platform updates
  - Collaboration with [MIT Reality Hack](https://www.mitrealityhack.com/) experiential hackathon going live this week Thursday
  - Rerecreated the MIT campus in Passage

### Action Items
- Assign bounties for IBC ATOM payments and NFT collection launcher once updated proposals are received
