# Passage - Steering Committee - Meeting #12

## Agenda
- Projects & Priorities
  -  Indexer
  -  NFT Staking Front End
  -  Marketplace Front End
  -  NFT Collection Creation Front End
  -  IBC ATOM Payments
  -  New Bounties
    - Passage Chain upgrade for SC airdrop
- Open Discussion / Questions
  - Potential governance proposals to
    - Decrease validator set
    - Increase gas
    - Increase proposal minimum
    - Update team wallets for multisig

## Meeting Details
- Date: Wednesday, February 19, 2025
- Time: 12:00 PM ET (Eastern Time)
- Location: [Discord #Council-Stage](https://discord.gg/passage)
- Recording: [https://youtu.be/sGTFt81iD58](https://youtu.be/sGTFt81iD58)

## Committee & SIG Attendees
- Bryana Kortendick, Passage
- Ryan Dolinsky, Passage
- Lex Avellino, Passage
- Arel Avellino, Passage
- Greg Weld, CryptoLabTech
- Max Beauchamp, Cloudmos
- James Harrison
- Johnpaul
- Anil Kumar, Vitwit
- Tyler Wright, Akash
- Primus, ZenChainLabs

##  Notes
### Projects & Priorities
- Indexer
  - Indexer is complete
  - Max met with Mike today to handoff
  - Will allow NodeFleet to finish the frontend and unblock other teams
- 

### Open Discussion / Questions / Feedback
- NeoTokyo Event recap
- Governance proposals

### Action Items
- Assign chain upgrade bounty
