# Passage - Steering Committee - Meeting #13

## Agenda
- Projects & Priorities
  - NFT Staking Front End
  - Marketplace Front End
  - NFT Collection Creation Front End
  - IBC ATOM Payments
  - Passage Chain Upgrade
- Open Discussion / Questions
  - Indexer
  - Governance proposals
  - Upcoming marketplace collections
  - PASG payments for Elite subscriptions

## Meeting Details
- Date: Wednesday, March 19, 2025
- Time: 12:00 PM ET (Eastern Time)
- Location: [Discord #Council-Stage](https://discord.gg/passage)
- Recording: https://youtu.be/FT0xHVDfIpY

## Committee & SIG Attendees
- Bryana Kortendick, Passage
- Ryan Dolinsky, Passage
- Lex Avellino, Passage
- Arel Avellino, Passage
- Max Beauchamp, Cloudmos
- Tyler Wright, Akash
- Greg Weld, CryptoLabTech
- James Harrison

##  Notes
### Projects & Priorities
- Marketplace Front End
  - James has been working with NodeFleet to figure out performance optimizations
    - Effort to migrate to Vite
      - Current version of NextJS was not ideal for performance
    - Looking at upgrading to new version of NextJS
  - Priority is functionality and getting the frontend up first, then performance - but performance will need to be a priority pretty quickly
  - Demo link will eventually be shared with community after this has been worked through
    - Will we give access to the feedback doc or will we filter it first?
    - Can create a thread in Discord alpha-chat or a copy of the doc so NodeFleet isn’t inundated
  - Is it possible that Passage can whitelist the image repository of Deran Fang NFTs so that they load on the demo marketplace?
    - Will look into permissions
- NFT Staking Front End
  - Has been held up by working with NodeFleet on performance optimizations
  - Their team has taken on a lot of the migration efforts
- NFT Collection Creation Front End
  - Has been held up by working with NodeFleet on performance issues
  - Concerned about long-term viability, looking ahead to future-proof their work
- IBC ATOM Marketplace Integration
  - Anthony did some initial work on the old frontend, since then we've had good conversations to make sure he’s working from the correct frontend/repo
  - Has brought up good points re: options for adding support for new currencies in the future
  - Currency will be a fixed option set at the time of collection creation
  - Want NodeFleet to be feature-complete before he goes in and makes the final updates - should not take much time 
- Chain Upgrade
  - Upgrade handler for software upgrade is ready. It includes the updates to cosmwasm, ibc bumps and airdrop claim records. We will tag the release candidate tomorrow for external testing. if anyone interested to test can play around
  - Upgrade handler for multisigs migration is ready for internal testing. We found a couple of missing migrations for this and fixes them today
  - Min-commission upgrade handler is being worked on
  - All these will be separate proposals so we will finalize the release based on the proposal outcomes

### Open Discussion / Questions / Feedback
- Indexer
  - Nicholas looking into issues related to items not showing for sale correctly, will reach out to Cloudmos if it's stemming from the Indexer
- Governance proposals
  - Separate proposals for the following will be going up before the chain upgrade proposal mentioned above - anything that passes will be included in the upgrade
  - Increase gas fee
  - Migrating team wallets to set up new multisig signers
  - Set minimum validator commission to 5%
- Upcoming marketplace collections
- PASG payments for Elite subscriptions
- Closed Beta
