# Passage - Steering Committee - Meeting #15

## Agenda
- Projects & Priorities
  - Marketplace Front End
  - NFT Staking Front End
  - NFT Collection Creation Front End
  - IBC ATOM Payments
- Open Discussion / Questions
  - Governance proposals
    - PASG token burn
    - Validator set
  - NFT staking incentives

## Meeting Details
- Date: Wednesday, June 18, 2025
- Time: 12:00 PM ET (Eastern Time)
- Location: [Discord #Council-Stage](https://discord.gg/passage)
- Recording: https://youtu.be/aTAWY4oango

## Committee & SIG Attendees
- Ryan Dolinsky, Passage
- Bryana Kortendick, Passage
- Lex Avellino, Passage
- Arel Avellino, Passage
- Greg Weld, CryptoLabTech
- James Harrison

##  Notes
### Projects & Priorities
- Marketplace Front End
  - Indexer blockers
- NFT Staking Front End
- NFT Collection Creation Front End
- IBC ATOM Payments

### Open Discussion / Questions
- Governance Proposals
  - PASG token burn (proposal #19) is live for voting
  - If passed, will burn all unclaimed/unallocated tokens from Strange Clan airdrop
  - Vote by June 24: https://passage.zenscan.io/proposal.php?id=19
- NFT staking incentives

